lincoln was elected to unite a country
and stop slavery
democrats smeared him went to war
against him assassinated him now
their target is trump
donald trump wins the presidency so help
me god
they say he's killing america there will
be a vote to impeach they say he's a
racist
this was a white lash and the fascist
who are the real racists
northern democrats had conspired
together with southern democrats
to take away the fruit of other people's
labor
who are the real fascists
both mussolini and hitler set up and ran
welfare this was done by the do-gooders
the liberals
the people who wanted to improve society
which party attacks our free speech
how dare you speak against our religious
liberty
and our personal safety
a nation dies when its people are not
free
we too must fight for freedom
regardless of the price we pay an end in
terror
is preferable to a terror with no end
the stakes could not be higher we're
talking about america
the greatest nation on earth
lincoln saved america for the first time
it's now up to us to save america
a second time
[Music]
you